EQUIPMENT HIRE AGREEMENT
VX30 vermer
The term of this Hire Form and the Hire Terms (together, this 'Agreement') will commence on the Start Date and
continue until the Equipment has been returned in accordance with this Agreement and the referable Fees have been
paid, plus any additional period agreed by the Customer and Revma Pty Ltd in writing. By signing below, the Customer
agrees to the terms and conditions of this Hire Form and the Hire Terms attached.
Executed as an agreement on:

Date

HIRE FORM
Customer Details
FIELD

Name

ABN

Driver's Licence #

Address

Email

Phone

INFORMATION

Enter customer name

Enter ABN

Enter driver's licence number

Enter address (optional)

Enter email address

Enter phone number

Revma Pty Ltd Details
FIELD

INFORMATION

Name

Revma Pty Ltd

ABN

37 121 035 710

Address

PO Box 154 Lambton NSW 2299

Contact Email

peter@revma.com.au

Phone

0448 473 862

Website

www.revma.com.au

Equipment Details
FIELD

INFORMATION

Machine

2016 isuzu nlr tpr

Make

Isuzu

Model

NLR TPR 150 45

Serial #

jaanlr85ef7105016

Engine Hours

105110

Included
Attachments

fire extinguisher

Extra Attachments

Enter any extra attachments

Services
Delivery of Equipment to be provided by Revma Pty Ltd
Collection of Equipment to be provided by Revma Pty Ltd
Operation of the Equipment
FIELD

INFORMATION

Delivery/Collection Address

Pick Up/Return Address

Enter delivery/collection address or N/A

Enter pick up/return address or N/A

Purpose and Job Site
FIELD

Purpose

Job Site

INFORMATION

Enter purpose for which Equipment can be used (e.g., excavating specific site, towing
goods)

Enter description of where the Equipment can be used

Hire Period
FIELD

Start Date

Start Time

Return Date

Return Time

INFORMATION

Remote Site
Definition: A 'Remote Site' is a job site located 50 kms or more from the Pick Up/Return Address
Remote Area Charges:
$0.20 per kilometre travelled by Revma Pty Ltd; and/or
If applicable, any direct travelling and accommodation costs reasonably incurred by Revma Pty Ltd and/or its
Personnel

Fees
FEE TYPE

AMOUNT

Hire Rate

$ $180 +GST per

Wet Hire Rate

$90 + GST per hour (minimum 4 hours)

Security Bond

$400 + GST

Delivery Fee

$50 + GST

day

Payment Details
FIELD

INFORMATION

Payment Due Date

All Fees are payable upfront on the Customer accepting a Hire Form.

Payment Method

Select payment method

Additional Charges
CHARGE TYPE

AMOUNT

Early Return Discount

50% per day

Late Charge

$200 + GST per day

Call Out Fee

$1,250 + GST

After Hours Rate

$1,500 + GST (between hours of 6:00PM – 7:00AM)

Fuel Refill Rate

$4 per litre (Diesel)

Off Hire Rate

$50 + GST

Standard Cleaning Fee

$80 + GST (If Equipment is not clean when it's returned)

Extensive Cleaning Fee

$300 + GST (If Equipment requires extensive cleaning)

Special Conditions
Enter any additional terms for this specific hire, or write N/A

SIGNATURES

Signed for and on behalf of Revma Pty Ltd ABN 37 121 035 710 by a duly authorised
person:
Signature:
Full Name:
Enter full name

Signed for and on behalf of the Customer by a duly authorised person:
Signature:
Full Name:
Enter full name

HIRE TERMS
These Hire Terms, together with any Hire Form (defined in clause 1(a)), set out the agreement (this Agreement) under the terms of
which you or the company which you represent (the Customer, you) will rent the Equipment or Services from Gary Cameron
trading as "Revma Pty Ltd" ABN 37 121 035 710 (Revma Pty Ltd, we, us, our).
1. HIRE FORM, THIS AGREEMENT
(a) These Hire Terms will apply to all the Customer's dealings with Revma Pty Ltd, including being incorporated in all agreements,
quotations or orders under which Revma Pty Ltd is to rent equipment and/or provide services to the Customer (each a 'Hire Form')
together with any additional terms included in such a Hire Form (provided such additional terms are recorded in writing).
(b) The Customer will be taken to have accepted this Agreement if the Customer accepts a Hire Form, or if the Customer orders,
accepts or pays for any equipment and/or services provided by Revma Pty Ltd after receiving or becoming aware of this
Agreement or these Hire Terms.
(c) In the event of any inconsistency between these Hire Terms and any Hire Form, the clauses of these Hire Terms will prevail to
the extent of such inconsistency, except that any "Special Conditions" (being terms described as such in a Hire Form) will prevail
over these Hire Terms to the extent of any inconsistency.
2. HIRE
Revma Pty Ltd provides to the Customer and the Customer accepts from Revma Pty Ltd the hire of the Equipment and/or Services
upon and subject to the provisions of this Agreement.
3. PRE HIRE
The Customer warrants that they:
(a) will send a copy of their valid driver's licence/s within 24 hours of confirming the booking to Revma Pty Ltd's contact email
address set out in the Hire Form;
(b) have read and understood any instructional materials provided by Revma Pty Ltd;
(c) will obtain up to date information from relevant authorities, (for example, by using the "Before You Dig" service), about any
infrastructure networks at the Job Site; and
(d) ensure that any person collecting or taking delivery of the Equipment on behalf of the Customer is authorised by the
Customer to do so and the Customer will not allege that any such person is not so authorised.
4. SERVICES - CUSTOMER OBLIGATIONS
The following clauses apply if Services are included in the Hire Form:
(a) (General) The Customer must provide Revma Pty Ltd with all documentation, information and assistance reasonably
required for Revma Pty Ltd to perform the Services.
(b) (Liaison) The Customer agrees to liaise with Revma Pty Ltd as it reasonably requests for the purpose of enabling Revma
Pty Ltd to provide the Services.
(c) (Ownership) The Customer warrants that it is the owner of the Job Site or has obtained authority from the owner/s of the
Job Site for the Services to be performed on the Job Site.
(d) (Access to Job Site) The Customer agrees to provide Revma Pty Ltd with access to the Job Site and the Customer's
personnel, to the extent reasonably required by Revma Pty Ltd to perform the Services.
(e) (Permits) The Customer warrants that they hold valid licences or are otherwise permitted to allow Services to be performed
at the Job Site (Permits). Revma Pty Ltd reserves the right to request proof of such Permits, cancel any Hire Form in the
absence of such Permits and charge administration fees if Services are performed at the Job Site where the Client does not hold
such Permits.
(f) (WH&S) The Customer must ensure that the Job Site complies with Work Health and Safety standards and is otherwise in a
suitable condition for Revma Pty Ltd personnel to perform the Services.
5. CUSTOMER SUPPLIED GOODS AND EXISTING CONSTRUCTION
If in performing the Services, Revma Pty Ltd is required to use any additional materials and/or goods supplied by the Customer:
(a) the Customer accepts the risk of defects or deficiencies in such goods and/or materials;
(b) Revma Pty Ltd will not be required to investigate the suitability, quality or fitness for purpose of existing or proposed
materials and/or goods;
(c) the Customer will be required to pay the Additional Material Charge if it requests that Revma Pty Ltd correct any defects or
issues with such materials and/or goods.
6. WORK TIMES
(a) (After Hours) If the Customer requires Services to be performed After Hours, the Customer will be required to pay the After
Hours Rate specified in the Hire Form.
(b) (Additional Work) If the Customer requires any services additional to those agreed in the Hire Form, that work will be
performed at the Additional Work Rate set out in the Hire Form.
7. SERVICES
7.1 Start Dates
Revma Pty Ltd will be entitled to change the Start Date:
(a) by giving the Customer 24 hours' notice; or
(b) on the date of the Services being performed, if weather conditions, lack of access or other circumstances beyond Revma Pty
Ltd's control do not permit the Services to be carried out.
7.2 Service Requirements
On the Start Date, the Customer must:
(a) be present at the Job Site and, if reasonably requested by Revma Pty Ltd, remain there while the Services are being carried
out;
(b) provide access to all personnel, equipment and vehicles reasonably required to carry out the Services;
(c) ensure that the Job Site is clean and ready for Revma Pty Ltd to carry out the Services; and
(d) if the Customer is not at the Job Site and/or the Job Site is not clean and ready, Revma Pty Ltd will be entitled to charge the

Customer a fee for each member of Revma Pty Ltd's personnel who were booked to attend the Job Site.
8. EQUIPMENT USE
8.1 Use
(a) The Customer must ensure that the Equipment is only used:
(i) on the Job Site;
(ii) for the Purpose;
(iii) in a proper and skilful manner, by Personnel who are appropriately trained, licensed, certified and competent;
(iv) in accordance with the Equipment manufacturer's requirements, recommendations and instructional materials provided to
the Customer; and
(v) in accordance with all Laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Equipment and its use and/or relating to the Job Site.
(b) The Customer must not, and must not allow any Personnel or third party to:
(i) tow trailered Equipment with an unsuitable or unroadworthy Equipment or on unsealed roads;
(ii) tow trailered Equipment, if the driver is not the holder of a valid driver licence;
(iii) use the Equipment for any dangerous or illegal purpose;
(iv) use or allow the Equipment to be used to carry passengers for payment of any kind and/or for racing;
(v) make any alterations to the Equipment, including by unauthorised repair;
(vi) use or allow the Equipment to be used while the operator is under the influence of alcohol or drugs;
(vii) use the Equipment when it is damaged or unsafe;
(viii) roll the Equipment on its side during transport, storage or operation and must take all necessary precautions to ensure the
Equipment remains in an upright position at all times;
(ix) affix or install any accessories, equipment or device on or to the Machine (other than the Included Attachments set out in
the Hire Form) without Revma Pty Ltd's prior written consent;
(x) sub-hire the Equipment; or
(xi) use the Equipment for the conveyance or towing of any load.
8.2 Maintenance
(a) The Customer must, when the Equipment is unattended, always keep it locked and keep the keys under their control.
(b) Where the Equipment hire exceeds two (2) days, the Customer is responsible for the performance and cost of daily
maintenance and care of all Equipment in its possession, including:
(i) daily checking of all fluids (fuel, oil, water, battery levels etc);
(ii) general tightening of any loose nuts, bolts, belts or fittings;
(iii) the lubrication of all grease points every day the Machine has been used; and
(iv) if applicable, the adjustment of the tracks tension weekly.
(c) The Customer must ensure that the daily maintenance and care outlined in 8.2(b) is performed by Personnel who are
appropriately trained, licensed, certified and competent.
(d) If the Customer does not comply with clause 8.2(b) above, and replaces any of the pins, slew rings and/or tracks within a
reasonable time following the return of the Machine, the Customer must promptly pay for such replacement, on demand from
Revma Pty Ltd.
(e) If instructed by Revma Pty Ltd, the Customer must cover the Equipment with waterproof material in wet weather conditions.
8.3 Operator
The Customer agrees that they are responsible for the acts and omissions of any other person they allow to use the Equipment.
8.4 Fuel
(a) On the Start Date, Revma Pty Ltd will provide the Customer with a Jerry Can of fuel to be used for refuelling the Equipment.
Once the initial fuel has been depleted, the Customer is responsible for refuelling the Equipment.
(b) The Customer must:
(i) ensure that the Machine has a full tank of fuel and the Jerry Can is full when it is returned to Revma Pty Ltd, unless
specified otherwise in the Hire Form;
(ii) only fill the Equipment and Jerry Can with fuel of a type that meets the Machine's specifications; and
(iii) promptly pay to Revma Pty Ltd the costs of refuelling the Machine and/or Jerry Can, at the Fuel Rate for each litre of fuel
required to refill the Machine's tank and/or Jerry Can, if the Customer fails to comply with clause 8.4(b)(i) at the Fuel Refill
Rate.
8.5 Personal Property
Revma Pty Ltd is not liable to any person for any loss of, or damage to, personal property that is left in the Equipment after its
return to Revma Pty Ltd or stolen from the Equipment or otherwise lost during the Hire Term.
8.6 Cleaning
(a) The Customer acknowledges that the Equipment is rented out in a clean condition. The Customer must return the
Equipment in the same state of cleanliness (inside and out) it was in on the Start Date (Clean).
(b) If the Equipment is not Clean upon return, Revma Pty Ltd may charge one of the following fees:
(i) if the Equipment requires a standard clean (i.e. if there is excessive dirt in/on the Equipment), the Standard Cleaning Fee;
or
(ii) if the Equipment requires extensive cleaning or detailing (i.e. if there are stains that require professional cleaning), the
Extensive Cleaning Fee.
8.7 GPS Tracking
(a) Revma Pty Ltd continuously monitors the location of the Equipment through GPS tracking and includes but is not limited to
usage, speed or distance travelled of any Equipment at any point (GPS Tracking).
(b) By accepting the terms of this Agreement, the Customer (including any person it allows to operate the Equipment) consents
to the GPS Tracking at all times during the Hire Term.
(c) The Customer (including any person it allows to operate the Equipment) must not, and must not allow any third party to,
remove, uninstall, unplug or otherwise alter any functionality of any Equipment used for the GPS Tracking.
9. DELIVERY & RETURN

(a) If the Hire Form states that delivery and collection of the Equipment is included, the Customer must:
(i) ensure they are available to receive the Equipment from the Delivery Address at the Start Time on the Start Date; and
(ii) ensure that the Equipment is available for collection from the Collection Address at the Return Time on the Return Date.
(b) If the Hire Form states that delivery and collection of the Equipment is not included, the Customer must:
(i) collect the Equipment from the Pick Up Address at the Start Time on the Start Date; and
(ii) return the Equipment to the Return Address at the Return Time on the Return Date.
(c) The Customer must return the Equipment in the same condition as it was on the Start Date.
(d) If the Customer returns the Equipment before the Return Date:
(i) the discount set out in the Early Return Discount section of the Hire Form will be applied; or
(ii) if no Early Return Discount is set out in the Hire Form, the Customer will be liable for the full Fees as if the Equipment
was in its possession from the Start Date until the Return Date, notwithstanding any early return of the Equipment.
(e) If the Customer does not comply with clauses 9(a) and 9(b), the Customer must pay the Late Charge for every additional 24
hour period after the Return Time on the Return Date for which the Customer retains possession of the Equipment.
Note: This document continues with additional terms and conditions including sections on Off Hire, Remote Hire, Faulty
Equipment, Replacement Loss and Damage, Incidents and Insurance, Payment, Ownership Possession and Title, Personal Property
Securities, Early Return, Third Party Goods and Services, Subcontracting, Liability Warranties and Indemnities, Termination,
Dispute Resolution, Notices, General provisions, and Definitions. The complete terms are legally binding and form part of this
agreement.

IMPORTANT ACKNOWLEDGMENT
By signing this agreement, both parties acknowledge that they have read, understood, and agree to
be bound by all terms and conditions contained in this Hire Agreement, including all Hire Terms
attached hereto.

